chore: suggest adding flag in Podfile instead of console (#4284)
facebook/react-native-website: website/architecture/landing-page.md

### iOS

1. Open the `ios/Podfile` file

> 2. Add `ENV['RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED'] = '0'` in the main scope of the file

Reviewer: > in the main scope of the file

Can we simplify this? Or can we add a `diff` block to explain this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add `ENV['RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED'] = '0'` in the main scope of the Podfile ([reference Podfile](https://github.com/react-native-community/template/blob/0.76-stable/template/ios/Podfile) in the template)
```diff
+ ENV['RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED'] = '0'
# Resolve react_native_pods.rb with node to allow for hoisting
require Pod::Executable.execute_command('node', ['-p',
  'require.resolve(
```
```
